# the existential website.
<p>This website is created as a response to the "What is New Media?" discussion for ENGCMP1130. I wanted to explore a couple concepts within this website.
The biggest issue that interested me was the ephemeral nature of New Media (mentioned in the second reading - “Defining New Media Art” by Mark Tribe and Reena Jana) and the challenge it poses to those trying to preserve works made with technology that rapidly updates and makes old files incompatible with new software. I decided to create a "live" webpage that is reflecting on its own mortality and is asking the reader to participate in preserving it via screenshot (one technique mentioned in the paper for preserving new media).</p>
<p>A secondary topic of interest was the Myth of Interactivity mentioned by Lev Manovich in "The Language of New Media.” I wanted to use clickable links to create the feel of something mildly "interactive" at face value, in that the reader can click the links to progress through the page. However, both responses to each prompt will lead to the same next section, highlighting the difference between a sort of functional/utilitarian interactivity and psychological interactivity. This was also meant to exemplify Manovich's writing about hyperlinks being an externalized version of association that forces the user to subscribe to the maker's train of thoughts and associations over the user's own. Manovich's comment that attempts to externalize the mind with media are attempts to standardize the mind certainly stuck with me as I made this website.</p>
<p>The last touch I added was the demonstration of variability possible because of the modularity of HTML and CSS files. Given that the style (CSS) is separate from the content (HTML), I was able to create an alternately styled version of the same website content.</p>
<p>The code I wrote for this can be seen on GitHub at: https://cap-alt-delete.github.io/existential-website/</p>
